Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
from hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number 510. In this episode,
Scott talks with enterprise developer,
turn tech CEO, Tiffany Michael, about
the challenges and rewards of
software development in a startup.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hanselminutes today. I'm chatting with
Tiffany Michael. She's a CEO of
bsm.co and you're building an
online system for conferences education.
Absolutely. So the short tagline
right now for bsm.co is
we build customizable social broadcast
spaces and where our focus
currently is on education, but
there are a lot of
other use cases and markets
that we're looking towards exploring.
And you did some, some
virtual conferences that got a
lot of great, got a
lot of great press that
allowed people to basically attend
and be present and be
social without having to get
on a plane. Absolutely, absolutely.
So we, we did our
held our first virtual conference
early 2015. We, it started
because we were doing a
series of virtual courses for
entrepreneurs and technologists of color.
We appreciated the virtual or
remote remote learning landscape, and
we felt like we could
add to that as technologists
and creators. And so we
started very simple using Google
Hangouts and we realized really
quickly the limitations of Google
Hangouts as it relates to
creating a engaging learning environment.
And so we started kind
of looking at other tools
we thought at the time
that we would be in
the content creation space. And
so not the technology software
development space at all. And
so we started evaluating other
tools. A lot of the
tools were, were built on
top of the Google hangout
infrastructure. We, there were a
lot of other tools that
required, you know, downloads of
softwares, just Adobe connect system
and nothing that really worked
for us. And so we
used CMS and JavaScript and
hack something together, hack together
a virtual conference center, and
we thought it would be
a onetime thing, but speakers
and attendees of the conference
were in all and really
blown away by how engaging
it was, how much fun
they had on the platform
that they were able to
communicate with both the speakers
in real time and other
attendees. And that was kind
of our biggest moment of
validation as a startup. When
we really started to realize
that we had finally built
something that people wanted to
pay for. And so we've
been exploring how to build
a virtual learning tools for
the last year. Very cool.
One of the things that
I liked the most about
it when I was attending
one of the conferences virtually
is that you effectively captured
what we call the, the
hallway track, right? I mean,
we all go to conferences
and sometimes we just skip
a talk and we just
want to hang out with
people that there was a
sense of we're all in
this together, as opposed to
the I'm watching a static
stream, I'm just watching a
stream. Absolutely. And one of
the things, as we begin
to build out the software
and think about how we
are unique and different from
others who similar players in
the space, we feel like
we're the, we're one of
the few people in the
remote learning space who really
care about the overall experience
of the learner. It's not
really about just converting them
into, to buy something, but
really are they speaking with
other people? Are they having
positive interactions with other people
who are watching and using
technology to enable those, those
experiences? Right. That makes me
feel like the difference between
selling technology versus really selling
an experience and technology is
in this case. Secondary. Absolutely.
So what I think is
interesting about your, your story
and why I wanted to
talk to you is there's
a couple of things that
you're doing that I can
totally relate to first, you
were an enterprise software developer.
So I mean, how big
was the company you worked
at before? Sure. So I
was at Accenture for five
years. And so some of
the clients I had at
my last client was Pepsi-Co
huge company. Everybody knows who
Pepsi is. I did a
lot of big government projects.
So a big Oracle implementation
for the air force did
a big custom application for
Illinois unemployment office. So really
big, huge projects. And now
how many developers do you
have helped you? One, we
have it's myself and one
other developer That has got
to be like a huge
change. It's got to be
a culture shock, even It
is, it is it's scary
and intimidating and exciting. And
I am like, Oh my
God, I cannot believe that
I have all this responsibility.
And so it's, it's been
exciting, but it's definitely, I
wish there were more public
conversations about what it's like
to go from. I'm a
developer on a team, 50
or a hundred other developers
who all have specializations in
different areas too. It's two
of us responsible for delivering
a production level app that
doesn't crash. So yeah, it's,
it's, it's, it's tough. Yeah.
Yeah. Maybe the conversation can
be facilitated on your platform.
Cause I think that the
people who are listening are
these enterprise offer developers. There's
a term that I coined
a couple of years ago
that some people totally resonated
with and other ones don't
like called dark matter developers.
And those are the space
between the stars, right? For
every one developer who's out
there speaking at a conference,
there's a thousand of us
that are just doing our
jobs and going to work
and building insurance software and
text boxes over data. Where
are the resources for us
to make startups? Absolutely. Yeah.
It's, it's tough. And especially
because entrepreneurial has gotten so
hot and for, you know,
because tech, entrepreneurship has been
so hot, there's often people
want to tie learning the
code with starting a business.
And while those things are
somewhat related, there's a whole
wide area of space that
comes from, I know how
to write a program to
I'm prepared to build something
that other people will buy
and take the scale. And,
and so, yeah, I'd love
to see more conversation about
like, you know, one of
the things that I, one
of the big first decisions
I had to make was
what were we going to
build in? And because I
had, so I was a
consultant for many years, which
means I was hired as
a Java developer. I built
maybe two custom apps and
really, it was just kind
of whatever my client needed.
And so I didn't get
an opportunity to specialize this
lab played with C-sharp a
little bit, actually, that, that
is what I VB is
what I learned to program
in, in 2006, but I
hadn't been, you know, all
over the place. And so
it was finally time for
me to like pick a
stack and I'm like, I
don't know, what is it
going to be? And so,
because I had, you know,
I appreciated the.net framework and
I had a lot of
experience, recent experiences with C
sharp. I'm like, okay, we're
going to go over that
net C-sharp route. And I
started to hire, try to
hire C sharp developers, which
was cool. But what I
realized is that what I
quickly realized is that rather
than hiring for a specific
technology that early I needed
to hire for passion in
the product and passionate in
what we were building. And
it just so happened that
I found someone who was
super passionate about remote learning,
the web RTC web real
time communication library, and toolkit.
And they were a Java
developer. And so it just
so happened that we decided
to go the Java group
beat groovy grills route because
this person was so passionate
about the product and we
were able to grow with
them. So do you think
that people over stressed the
need for the technology stack?
Like, you know, you get
people, you get into these
religious arguments, there's a lot
of zealotry where people are
like, Oh, you picked, someone
might be listening right now.
Oh, you pick groovy on
grails out. It's crap. You
gotta pick this other thing.
Right. You can't be, you
can't be successful now. Yeah,
absolutely. And I mean, I
think there are, you know,
some, you know, foundational decisions
that you have to make
that will have implications for
the next year and two
years. But I feel like
when you're in a startup,
it's really just about like
that minimum viable product, like,
and how quickly can you
move with that MVP? And
so even if you have
like the expert in some
stack, if they're not passionate
about like moving and moving
fast, you'll go nowhere. And
I think that we're still
in a place where eventually
we'll be able to like,
make some changes when we
have more customers and funding.
And we know for sure
what we're building, cause right
now we're still kind of
figuring it out. So not
only did you have to
pick a technology stack, but
you also have to pick
a workflow, right. Did you
go agile or scrum or
waterfall or, you know, I
mean all these things and
not to mention source control.
And a lot of times
I found I was an
enterprise developer for seven years
and I would find myself
slipping into comfortable technologies, but
maybe they weren't the right
technology All the time. It's
something I think about all
the time. Yes. Yes. So
we use Bitbucket as our
repo. He was good or
SVN. Okay. And we, I
I'd say we kind of
have an agile workflow, but
again, it's, so right now
it's two of us. And
so I know we have
some awful habits and it's
just like, okay, we've got
an event coming. Like just
like, get it done kind
of thing. But now that
we're like, okay, it's time
for us to like grow
up and create an environment
that other developers will want
to work in. I spend
so many tasks a lot
of time in a day
thinking about like, okay, how
do I do this the
right way? How do I
set processes in place? Now
that might be a pain
kind of like over might
feel like overkill when there's
just two people, but we'll
save our asses when there's
like 10 of us. So
if, if it's just you
and one other person as
the other person, cause you're
a small, a small business,
is the other person a
subcontractor or are they an
employee? The other person is
a subcontractor. You hire, like,
you kind of like swell
up and have four or
five subcontractors. And then you
come back down when, when
at different times. Yeah. We're
figuring that out right now.
So we had to, the
most we've ever had is
to, to other people. And
we, so, yeah. And I
guess going back to agile,
I have been like breaking
up our project into short
sprints. And so I will
kind of determine how, how
many resources I need for
each sprint. And there was
one sprint where we had
three people total. They were
also contractors right now. It's
just me and another person.
No, your Bo your, your
partner is dr. Courtney Ziegler,
who I had on the
show a I think a
year or two ago. And
so you are the CEO,
he acts as the COO.
Correct. And you know, he's
got vision and passion and
a filmmaking background and a
promotional background. So he's thinking
about how to get, you
know, get, raise money and
things like that. But I've
always found when you have
a, and I'll just use
the, kind of the Wazniak
and the Steve jobs analogy,
or the bill Gates and
the Steve Balmer kind of
partners. You're going to be
diff you know, two sides
of the same coin. Do
you have architectural discussions with
him? Does he do want
to get involved in the
technical arguments? Yes, absolutely. So
I think in the beginning
he was a little shy
about it. Like, Oh my
goodness, I've never built software
before. I don't know if
I should even be a
part of these conversations. I
don't know if I can
add value. And I was
like, yes, you are really,
really important to these conversations.
Because what I found is
when just developers in the
room, the conversation can go
different ways. The conversation can
go, okay, what's the easiest
way to do this. What's
the technology that I actually
want to use. What do
I care about as a
developer versus what do the
customer, what do our users
actually want to see? And
so Courtney has absolutely always
brings the voice of our
users and he has a
design background. And so it's
always wants things to be
really elegant, really easy to
use and intuitive. I think
what developers define as intuitive
is sometimes different than what
everybody else defines us intuitive.
So I really appreciate having
him in the conversations as
well. W when you have
a somewhat nontechnical cofounder, though,
do you get into situations
where, Hey, the requirement was
just a sentence, like I
gave you the business requirement.
Why is this 10,000 lines?
Yes, absolutely. And there are
times when I think Courtney
asks me, well, can't we
just do this? And I'm
like, okay. So first of
all, we have to talk
a little bit more granular
level about, can it just
do this? Like, okay, we
have to talk like, you
know, you have to, has
to be really detailed about
like everything. So he's, he's
learning like how detailed we
we've started to like write
user stories together and he's
learning how detailed they need
to be so that we
prevent any back and forth
that happens. Hey folks, I
wanted to take a moment
to tell you about Reagan
and their new product called
pulse Reagan as an error
and crash reporting software provider
and their new product pulse.
It's a realtime user monitoring
product. It gives you performance
data and user insights. Lets
you understand exactly what's happening
when users interact with your
software. So you're never left
guessing. Reagan provides you with
the answers to your performance
questions and they've found over
10 billion that's billion with a
B bugs and apps with
their crash reporting product. And
now Reagan will help you
understand application quality. Like no
one else over 30,000 developers
worldwide, can't be wrong. I
use Reagan and all the
time and I enjoy it
very much. You can try
it out today with a
no risk 30 day free
trial start improving your software
quality immediately try Reagan for
free today@reagan.io. Yeah. Sometimes I
think that non technical cofounders
or not as technical, co-founders
kind of forget that there's
this there's this table that
we, the developers have in
our minds about like all
the browsers and all the
platforms. And they might say
something a little throwaway sentence.
And then in your mind
you're like, Oh, but what
about Safari on old Macs?
You know, do we care
about those people? And then
it becomes Yep. Snowball. Yep.
So you are a small
team, but you're going to
grow. You've you've taken some
investment at this point. You're
making architectural decisions. You're making
technical decisions, but I'm assuming
also you don't want to
build all this stuff yourself.
Like if there's a great
technology you're using it. So
you mentioned web RTC. Yes.
Is that something that you
will pick over, you know,
just YouTube and, and something
like that? Yes. So when
we, as I mentioned, when
we started, we were using
the Google Hangouts infrastructure and
we knew that in order
for us to build something
sustainable, we had to find
a way to move off
of the Google Hangouts infrastructure.
Okay. In the sense that
you don't want to build
a business that is entirely
dependent on Hangouts, correct? Yep.
And so, yeah. And so
a web RTC is a
library sort of library framework
that allows in browser real
time communication, there's open source
versions of it. And then
a lot of folks who
offer their own special API
and yeah. Plugin. Right. That's
cause you mentioned before that
having to download stuff was
going to be a problem
for your attendees, Correct? Yeah.
And so one of the
things that's a big, huge
value for us is accessibility
and inclusion, which includes like
device type and bandwidth and
all of that. And so
yeah, if we felt like
to create an inclusive tool,
we needed something that was
a hundred percent in browser
and the web RTC libraries
allows that. So that means
then modern browsers, you know,
somewhat modern, right. The last
couple of years and you
know, reasonably modern, portable devices
and things like that. But
for the general, for the
general person who wants to
show up, they just, they
roll in, they've got Chrome,
they've got Firefox, they've got
edge or a new tablet
and there's no, there's no
download there's no anything like
that. Yep. Do you, how
many open source libraries have
you brought in, like, do
you do, do you off
the top of head, is
there a particular library that
stands out and you're like,
Oh, without food dot, JS,
this project would have been
more different. Yeah. So we
use open talk, which is
API library for web RTC.
And that's been really huge
for us. I think there
are others libraries. So one
of the things that we're
really interested in right now
is using Twitter as an
engagement tool. And so we've
been playing with different Twitter
libraries In order to abstract
away the complexities of Twitter
itself. Yep. Yep. So you
said just to, for folks
that are listening since this
is a podcast open talk
is open T O K,
correct? Not a T a
T a L K. Yep.
And this is a, a
library that sits on top,
but it's, it's also a
series of services. It sits
on top of web RTC,
but this puts you in
control. I think what's significant
about this is that you
could have built this on
Hangouts and you know, like
I do a week, I
do a weekly, a community
standup and you know, we're
not a company, we're just
doing this for work and
we've hidden it all with
JavaScript. And it's, it's, it's,
you know, it's Google Hangouts
and it's embedded YouTube, but
you know, my YouTube channel
could get deleted. You know,
I'm going to lose all
that intellectual property. We actually
had an issue like that
with one of our conferences.
It was awful. Yeah. So
we, you know, again, we're
all about kind of the
experience of the user. And
we decided that in between
sessions, we should have music.
We didn't, we, we played
like it was copy-written music
and YouTube took down all
five hours of our conference.
Did you like, get it
back? We were able to
hack together. I mean, it
took us several hours of
work to recover it, but
that was a lesson learned.
And we were like, okay,
then we have to get
off of Google Hangouts, but
right. And that is such
a challenge for startups because
you want to sit on
a mature platform and use
some software as a service.
But if you don't control
your bytes, then you get,
you get nailed. Yep. So
you're building more stuff yourself.
You're building it on. You
said groovy on grails. Where
do you do your hosting?
Are you hosting yourself? You're
going into Amazon or Azure.
Yeah. So we're, we're, we're
having a Heroku AWS fight
right now. What does it
mean? Well, her Roca was
cheaper, but it crashes. So
we're just, we're just, we're,
we're playing with different configuration
on both Heroku and AWS
to figure out what we
can do for the cheapest
we actually, we have. Okay.
Shout out to you for
helping us get in BizSpark.
The hosting on Azure for
our video has been huge.
Oh. So you're using the
media stuff on Azure. Yep.
Interesting. So I think what's
significant about this and I
appreciate that. I'm not trying
to sell Azure, but I
think what's interesting is that
even with two people in
a small business, you're a
multi-cloud company and that I'm
hearing that more and more
people aren't going all in
on one cloud because you
might need to move at
any time. Yes, absolutely. Was
that a, was that an
obvious decision or did that
just happen? I think initially
we were, we were kind
of like a, what do
we have familiarity with as
individuals? And then what's the
cheapest. Yeah. If you can
get free, free, free credits
or whatever, I'm sure all
of the clouds have a,
a startup feature has, has
licensing of things been difficult
at all. I know that
small, small companies, when they
start bringing in open source
libraries, they'll say, Oh, well
this is GPL or, Oh,
this is a patchy. I
want to use this. I
don't want to use that.
Yeah. We haven't at all.
It may be something that
we run into, but that
hasn't been an issue thus
far. And what about security
as an enterprise developer? I
remember that I had a
whole security team, so I
thought about it, but I
didn't think about it. Well,
so as of this past
month, Chrome, no longer allows
web RTC streams unless you
have an SSL certificate. And
so that was some new
something new. So we were
like, okay, we were moving
into that direction to make
sure that everything was secure
in any way. But then
as of December we had
to. So yeah, it's, it's,
it's definitely something that we're
still working out and thinking
through. So I think that's
a really interesting thing to
dig into a little bit.
Like someone might be listening
and thinking, well, that's obvious
they should have an SSL
certificate, but when you're an
enterprise software developer that's edge,
like that's handled, like someone
else registers that domain, someone
else gets to search. You
don't think about that. Yup.
Yeah. I mean, all of
these really think that these
things that like, Oh, like
they're like no brainers, but
they're like no brainers for
the people who spend all
day thinking about them. And
not also all the other
stuff like getting customers and
making sure contractors are paid
and that our app doesn't
crash and yeah. Well that
was my next question. So
how much time are you
actually spending doing the technology
and the coding you love
versus all the administrivia? Yeah.
You're shaking your Not a
lot. Yeah. It's, it's, it's
difficult. I don't, I don't
get to spend nearly enough
time geeking out and I'm
trying to do a better
job of like, cause one
of the things that's really
makes me nervous now it
makes me nervous for there
to be any part of
my applications that I don't
understand. Well. Oh no, I
know, but you know, that's
going to happen. I know.
I know. No, I'm totally
with you. Like there's a
moment where it's like, when
I'm raising two boys and
I think it was maybe
in the last month or
two where I'm like, wow,
they have whole lives and
like friends and opinions that
I did not put in
their brains and fully understand
them anymore. It's like your,
you know, your program where
you don't really understand it
works, but I don't know
how, and then it's like,
You don't really know what
to expect and then like,
yeah. Yeah. So at some
point you either need to
go all in and don't
be CEO be CTO. Right.
Right. Or you just declare
like you hear this a
lot. Well, I used to
be technical and you know,
but then I started a
business. I know it's yeah.
It's something that, yeah, it
definitely is. If I had
my way, I don't know
if I should publicly say
this, but I'm willing anywhere.
I would be CTO that
that's where I want to
be. I also know that
as founder, the vision is
really important and I don't
know that I am ready
to give up, give up
that vision. We're not mature
enough yet for me to
like, let somebody else take
the reins of that. Yeah.
That is the challenge with
all these things. And I,
I can also say though,
as someone who has a
small startup, much, much smaller
that maybe we made the
mistake of having two technical
people, you know, I've got,
I've got two Wozniaks and
I have no, you know,
having a passion person and
we just thought it would
light the world on fire
because it was amazing. You
just build something cool. And
it's so cool, but no
one cares. Yeah. That has
got to be a real
challenge. Is it difficult to
divide the work? Is it
clear what you and what
Courtney does? Are you always
just hustling? Yeah, I think
in the beginning, in the
very beginning months it was
difficult because we didn't really
have a real product. And
so we were like trying
to figure out who I
read, what did we do?
What do we sell? And
so at that point it
was kind of difficult. And
we were doing like daily
check-ins at that point, like
daily, hourly calls of like
working sessions to kind of
figure it out. But then
once we get a little
bit more mature and we
had an actual product to
sell, we were able to
divide responsibilities. So yeah. And
at this point it's very
clear with how to handle
things. It's clearer. I don't
know if it's very clear.
Yeah. I mean, one of
the things that I know
we do really, really well
is we're both dreamers and
visionaries and big picture people.
And when you're running a
startup, both of the founders,
can't be, can't be, you
need somebody who's like big
picture and somebody who's like
tactical, like we've got to
get stuff done. And I
think we do a good
job of like going back
and forth and allowing us
both to be able to
play the dreamer. Do you
feel like two is the
team size? Like that's the
start? Like every startup should
have two because I've heard
of like five pre person
startup. I've heard of one
person trying to do it
on their own. I think
five would be intense, although
yeah. One when Courtney and
I met, we met, I
co-organized trans hack Chicago. So
I was at dev bootcamp,
helped devil camp launch a
Chicago location. That's how I
met Gordian. And we had
an, it was what was
cool is we had an
opportunity to meet over a
hackathon weekend. So we had
like five days to work
together and actually produce something.
And, okay. That's a really
good point. Actually. Let me
just to interrupt you to
have a hackathon is almost
an interview process or like
a first date for a
founder is a great idea.
Yeah. So yeah, I really
appreciate it. That I'm having
that experience. And one of
the things we were like
late at night and we
were talking and one of
the things that Courtney said
is like, yeah, the business
part is kind of easy.
It's really just the emotional
part that you need someone
else there for. And that
was the moment I was
like, Oh, maybe we should
work together. Cause we were
really smart and shared values
and a lot of things
that you need to work
with someone. So yeah. That's
the point just being that,
like the emotional piece of
having someone else to talk
to when you're right before
you're getting ready to go
into a really big sales
call or having someone else
to talk to when like
you create something and nobody
buys it and you're like,
feeling like crap. I don't
know. I, I know for
sure that we would not,
I would not be on
this journey if I didn't
have a partner in it,
at least one partner in
it. Yeah. You know, I've
always been surprised when I
see amazing work done by
single individuals and you, you
know, you go on hacker
news and you're like, Oh,
I built a Commodore 64
emulator in JavaScript in my
basement, all alone. You know,
you just locked yourself in
there. Like I have to
walk around and talk to
people. I got to go
to Starbucks and talk to
random strangers and say, what
do you think about this?
When I was an enterprise
developer, I was always wandering
and other people's cubes just
because I want to be
there. I mean, have you,
I've always found coding as
a social experiment. Absolutely. And
so, yeah, right now I'm,
I'm like the most isolated
have ever been in my
life and it's kind of
dangerous and something to talk
about just like isolation of
startup founders. Yeah. I spent
a lot of time alone
and it's, it's crazy. And
especially, so my cofounder lives
2000 miles away from me.
So we're completely virtual. Yeah.
I, I can relate. I
work remotely, like I'm here
and you know, I see,
I can see your closet.
You can see my closet
and my couch. Right. We're
having this discussion over Skype
and I'm kind of lonely
right now. And I'm actually
going to drive up to
Seattle to go and hang
out with my coworkers tomorrow
because, because it's just driving
me nuts, you know, it's
been too long. Do you
go to meetups? What do
you do as a technical
COVID injection? Yeah. Yeah. And
then, so I also have
this thing that like, I'm
a black woman, which means
that oftentimes even though I've
been a developer for 10
years, you know, I have
to like prove my credibility
over and over again, which
gets exhausting at times. I
want to talk about like
geek stuff. And like people
assume that I'm there to
like serve coffee, like over
and over and over again,
which exhausting and annoying. And
I think you've learned just
ways to deal with it.
I am lucky in that.
I, so when I learned
to code, I learned to
code an organization called icy
stars. I was a nonprofit
in Chicago that does basically,
they, they teach people who
are interested in technology to
build applications, web based applications
for community based organizations in
their area. So there's a
whole network and community of
like minded folks who are
geeks for what it enables.
And not necessarily like, I
mean, I'd have nothing against
like geeks who are just
geeks because tech is cool,
but I'm really excited about
like, what are the, you
know, real life use case
scenarios and how we can
like change people's lives. And
that's what I get excited
about. And so I am
lucky in that. I do
have a community of folks
who are like minded. That's
really cool. I think it's
so important. And I think
the listeners should really think
about this. There's so many
aspects to our identity. You
know, there's the obvious outward
stuff. There's the inner stuff
you can't see whether it
be diseases or backgrounds or
whatever. And you got to
find your tribe. Don't you,
whoever your tribe, it could
be civic-minded coders. It could
be people who are diabetic
or, or wounded veterans or
whatever, or maybe intersectionally. You
are all of those things.
And it's really freaking cool
to see somebody who's like
you and it just clicks
Just super affirming. Sometimes we
talk about the isolation sometimes
you're like, am I crazy?
Am I the only one
who do thinks these crazy
thoughts? Am I the only
one who spends hours, like
trying to figure out these
hacks? And then you meet
people who are like you
and it's really, really affirming.
Hmm. And I find being
a remote that the imposter
syndrome becomes even greater because
the voices in your head
for lack of a better
word are louder when you're
by yourself. And it's just
nice to have someone tell
you they have more space
than time. Yeah. Well, this
is great. You're doing some
really exciting stuff. And where
can people follow you on
Twitter and, and, and hear
about what you're doing. So
I'm Twitter, I'm Michael solution.
And my K E L
L solution. Our website is
BSM dlt.co vsm.co. Yeah. Very
cool. Well, we'll make sure
to put those in the
show notes so people can
link directly to them from
the website. Tiffany, Michael, thanks
so much for chatting with
me today. Thank you, Scott.
It was a pleasure. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week.